# Dealing with anxiety

## This log is regarding my now frequently occuring anxiety attacks

*10/12/2020 - This was my first experience with an anxiety attack. I was on the way to work, riding the subway, when I noticed I had trouble breathing. I tried to remove my mask to catch my breath but I could not. I felt my heart beating really fast, and then suddenly my chest started tightening. At the same area, I felt a burning/warm sensation. It was as if my heart was gonna stop pounding at any time. Scared me shitless. I felt light headed after a few minutes and felt like passing out. I hurriedly exited the next stop, and seeked help from the staff. The said staff made me sit at the benches and talked to me during the whole ordeal (thanks Emil). Called my folks to come pick me up and drive me home.
<br>
<br>
*10/14/2020 - This was my second experience with anxiety attack. It was after a night shift, and I hadn't had enough sleep. I decided to eat downstairs for a bit and vaped. After finishing my meal, I noticed the same symptoms. I tried controlling my breath for about 30 mins, but my heart rate was still super fast and even rising. (smartwatch recorded 175 peak). As I think I was about to pass out, I hesitatingly called 911, for EMS. After what felt like an eternity with a throbbing heart and difficulty of breathing, the ambulance arrived and performed a quick check up. They noted that my heart rate was a bit fast, other than that, oxygen levels and blood pressure were fine. Was advised to make an appointment with the family doctor. Threw my fucking vape in the trash
<br>
<br>
*10/15/2020 - Third episode of anxiety attack. I was sitting at work, after having lunch. Noticed that I was having difficulty in breathing and chest discomfort. I have tried to control my breathing again for about an hour but to no avail. Called my wifey for help, and tried a bunch of meditation exercises/ breathing exercises. Palms wet with cold sweats. I waited for my substitute and decided to go to the Operations room for help. After a few more minutes of calming myself down, they told me I'm better off going home and getting checked. I took the train to dad's place, all while thinking I'm about to pass out and fighting that urge. Met with dad and waited another hour for mom. Breathing heavily, we went to the nearest walk in clinic, and I got checked by a young Doctor named Dr. Agarwal; gave me some prescription for Ativan, 4 tablets, and advised me to take it at the onset of anxiety attack. My vitals seemed to be ok. I don't know what's wrong with me.
<br><br>
*10/16/2020 - I've noticed it always starts with a warm feeling in my chest area, and it hits right after I eat, so I'm thinking this might be heartburn via acid reflux? Then I feel the onset of symptoms rushing in. I followed my mom's advice and tried drinking chamomille tea to help calm me down <br><br>
*10/17/2020 - I went to the nearest laboratory for my blood tests. Doc wants to see my cbc and thyroid numbers. Hope it's all good. I packed some snacks to eat as I saw that there was a nearby park I could chill. However, amidst the nice view and fresh air, my heart started beating hard again, noticibely when I was hiking up the path. I honestly don't feel like I could do anything anymore. I feel like sometime soon, my heart is going to stop beating, and then that's the end. I asked my dad to buy me some antacids (TUMS) for my heartburn. I took a dose of ativan at bedtime. <br> <br>
*10/18/2020 - I've honestly been asleep for most of today, I feel so lethargic, I must've taken atleat 6 or 7 antacids just to fend off the heartburn. This might be it's side effect. Honestly I don't think I'd last for any longer, It's like my heart would stop at any moment. I just feel so bad to those I'd leave behind. To my wifey, please know that I have loved you with all my heart and will always love you, I, I honestly wished to grow old with you and have kids, and make a bunch of memories together, but I might not even make it come true. Whatever happens, do what makes you happy, I'll always support you. To my mom and dad, Thanks for your neverending support. I really appreciate all the things you have given me, and I'm sorry, I might not be able to repay you guys for all you've done. If time permits i'd love to make a blog page of my gratitude for you guys individually, however if I were to hit the bucket right now, sorry this is all I could do. I really don't know what's wrong with me or what will happen. If anything does, please know that it's not any of your fault. It's 11:09 PM and I feel super lethargic, heartburn is gone but I feel like throwing up. Noticed my heart rate is too slow. I don't want to drink ativan, if I can still fight it. 
